Cloudcraft doc - Add public endpoint requirement for eks scanning (#22388)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloudcraft/getting-started/connect-amazon-eks-cluster-with-cloudcraft.md

## Prerequisites

> <div class="alert alert-info">Scanning EKS clusters requires public endpoints. Read <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/cluster-endpoint.html">Amazon EKS cluster endpoint access control

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">Scanning EKS clusters requires public endpoints. For more information, see <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/cluster-endpoint.html">Amazon EKS cluster endpoint access control.
```

Author: Thanks for the feedback! I've pushed a change which incorporates your suggestion, but which also removes a part of the sentence which was left hanging and wouldn't have made sense if it went with your change.
If you're happy with this revision so am I!
